crafty newspaper editor
--Day1---Donovan: I'm just capitalizing on this topic while it's popular.
Donovan: And second: You're tired of one article about a supposed hacker...
Donovan: But not all the daily stories about murders and other horrors?
Jill: Well, I always filter out that section. I don't want to start my day scared and bitter.
Jill: I have enough pressure and problems as is. I don't need to add Glitch City's lovely citizens to the list.
Donovan: You're smarter than you look, kid. But if more people were like you, I'd go bankrupt from the lack of traffic.
Donovan: ...still. Maybe my job would be easier.
Jill: How so?
Donovan: People get desenti... deseszi... people get bored of a certain kind of news after seeing it repeatedly.
Donovan: When I started in this job, it only took the news of some elderly woman being killed to guarantee clicks.
Donovan: Now, you need an elderly woman carrying a sick baby boy getting hit by a truck.
Donovan: Death's not enough. They need a full sob story behind it.
Donovan: That's why I like those urban legends: they're easier to write about and you can make up any shit you want.
Donovan: Spam them while they're hot. And even people like you, people who avoid the murder stories, will see them.
Donovan: That brings money. And like I said, money's good.
Jill: (Huh, I guess he has a point...)
Jill: What about the opinion columns? Aren't those a good source of traffic too?
Donovan: Oh, I hate those brats. They just write about how they're better than everyone else.
Donovan: They might also write about how everyone that likes a certain something should be sodomized.
Donovan: The worst part about that is they KNOW half of our clicks come from them so they get all diva-like on my ass.
Jill: I think you're being too harsh. What about...?
Jill: ...no, wait. I was thinking of another newspaper. Yeah, the columnists on your page are annoying.
Donovan: See?
Donovan: The kid on the restaurant critique column... um... uh... shit, forgot that brat's name.
Jill: Restaurant? I believe that's...
Donovan: That kid. Couldn't care less about his name.
---------
Donovan: If a place smells like soap and dog piss, I'm within my constitutional rights to call it a hell hole.
Gillian: I'M DOING MY BEST HERE, THANK YOU VERY MUCH!
Donovan: Who was that?
Jill: Nobody important.
Gillian: HEY! I HEARD THAT!
Donovan: Don't be offended by what I say, kid. I'm insulting the building, not you.
Donovan: You can think of it as a small hole in hell rather a hellish hole, if you like.
Jill: Charming.-----
Donovan: Those folks people pretend to love but actually want to see fall from grace.
Jill: "Pretend to love"? "Fall from grace"?
Donovan: Why do you think that gossip about famous people always sells?
Donovan: People pretend that they love celebs, but what they really want is to see their idols torn down to their level.
Donovan: They want to see them suffer. To get their comeuppance for daring to be so much more successful than them!
Jill: Nah, I think gossip is just something everyone enjoys but nobody wants to admit to enjoying.
Donovan: You thought wrong. But even if you were right, it wouldn't change the fact that people love that kind of stuff.
Donovan: They want to escape their lives by living somebody else's.
Jill: Sadly, I fail to see the appeal in that whole thing.
Jill: What do I care if this guy I saw in some random movie was wearing socks with sandals or if they're dating god-knows-who?
Jill: (Granted, socks with sandals is practically a public indecency, but still.)
Donovan: Oh, please. As a bartender, I bet you have a strong voyeuristic streak. Your kind always loves to hear that stuff.
Donovan: Just like hairdressers! This sounds hypocritical coming from you.
Jill: E-even if that's the case, I don't sensationalize what people do.-------
Donovan: Heeeeeey. You're a bartender, right?
Jill: No, I'm a lab rat hellbent on world conquest.
Donovan: Sarcasm wastes my time, my money, and your energy. Refrain from using it.
Donovan: Anyway, I just realized that a bartender like you must've heard quite a few stories in her career.
Jill: (Talk about changing topics.)
Jill: Maybe, why?
Donovan: Wouldn't you like a column talking about those? I bet they would sell quite well.
Jill: It would be like that priest who published "Confessionary Stories"... and then got excommunicated and lynched.
Jill: People usually tell me all this stuff because they know I'm just a simple bartender...
Jill: A personal stranger of sorts.--------
Jill: Is it really that special?
Donovan: At work, everyone calls me Mr. Dawson or Boss.
Donovan: Boss is just a title. It's too impersonal and cold.
Jill: (It is?)
Donovan: Mr. Dawson was my father and grandfather. It's too general. But Mr. Donovan... now that's more like it.
Donovan: They're referring to ME. To the man in front of them. Not to my family. Not to my position as boss. To ME.
Jill: Do you want your employees to get personal with you, Mr. Donovan?
Donovan: Oh, gods no. But I want them to fear ME. Not because I'm their boss or the name appearing in their paychecks... 
Donovan: ...but rather because I strike mortal dread into them.-------Day 2--------
Mr. Donovan: Yeah, it's funny when somebody else hears it, but the smell of rosy perfume still makes my blood boil.
Mr. Donovan: Nowadays, nobody can take a joke. They're always out for blood.
Mr. Donovan: You can't win. You will ALWAYS offend somebody.
Mr. Donovan: And while some take it graciously, many just LOVE feeling insulted. 
Mr. Donovan: They RELISH the thought of ganging up against something.
Mr. Donovan: And those hypersensitive bastards are your clients - they're the ones you have to target.
Mr. Donovan: I run a goddamn newspaper! The whole point is to present news in the most neutral way possible!
Mr. Donovan: Being offended by a newspaper is like being angry at the mirror.
Jill: (Sure... let's go with that.)
Jill: (I mean, it's not like he's totally wrong, but...)
Jill: (Hearing it from him is kinda...)
-------
Mr. Donovan: I just finished an interview and it must be posted as soon as possible.
Mr. Donovan: The fact that we're posting it AFTER the chick finished her concert is enough of a problem already.
Jill: Something delayed the interview?
Mr. Donovan: The interview was supposed to happen last Friday!
Mr. Donovan: One of the interns -- this meek little girl -- was supposed to do it, but for some fucking reason, she just didn't.
Mr. Donovan: I spent two days negotiating something else instead.
Jill: "Negotiating"... did you have to pay or something?
Mr. Donovan: Basically, when that encore concert happens, I need to plaster that chick's face all over the front page.deconstruct seriousness, family failure guy------Day 1-------
Jill: You've had an interesting change of attitude.
Ingram: I saw that woman take out armed rioters with her bare hands.
Ingram: Once you see something like that, it's hard not keep your mouth shut in front of them.
Jill: Interesting...
Jill: You can relax, though. I've only seen her deal with clients personally about two or three times.
Jill: One involved Class-5 weaponry, the other one a "pick-up artist", and the latest had an alpaca.--------
Ingram: Hey lady, have you ever faked an orgasm?
Jill: ...
Jill: I'm sorry, I think I heard wrong.
Ingram: I asked if you've ever faked an orgasm.
Jill: That's a question I'm not gonna answer.
Ingram: I'll take that as a yes.
Ingram: I was just thinking about how good a lie can be.
Ingram: I mean, even the most sincere of people lie once in a while.
Ingram: Lies can buy you time. Lies can make you happy...
Ingram: Reality will come crashing through the door eventually. But for that moment the lie can give meaning to you.
Jill: ...I say lies are like your porn stash.
Jill: You know they exist but you shouldn't acknowledge them.
Ingram: Does that mean you've really faked orgasms? 'cause you look like you have a lot of experience.
Jill: ...
Jill: Still, that's quite the random thought to just suddenly have.
Jill: Are you perhaps lying about something right now?
Ingram: Not really, I was just thinking about people making polite comments about this crackhouse.
Jill: sigh Of course you were.
Ingram: Hey, I'm gonna need another drink here.
Jill: Already? Don't you think you're drinking a bit quickly?
Ingram: That's my problem, not yours. Give me a Fringe Weaver.-------
Ingram: No, I mean empty like there's a part of you missing.
Jill: ...can't say I particularly have.
Ingram: I just feel there's this part of myself that lacks something.
Ingram: An urge to get or do something that I just can't satisfy.
Jill: Have you tried taking up a hobby?
Jill: It might not solve your problems, but it might keep you busy enough to avoid thinking about it.
Ingram: Any suggestions?
Jill: Well... collecting stuff, reading, bungee jumping, combat sports, exercising...
Ingram: Sounds a lot cheaper than the alternative.
Jill: Which is?
Ingram: Bitches and alcohol.
Ingram: I tried sex tourism once. It was like a bloody Russian roulette of STDs so I left midway through.
Ingram: I once burned my Christmas bonus hiring 3 women for an orgy... porn is more amusing and way cheaper.
Ingram: I've also hired a girl to act like my daughter for a day for three years in a row now.
Ingram: Nothing seems to do it.
Jill: Um...
Jill: ...have you tried rescuing a puppy?
Ingram: You can't fuck puppies. At least you SHOULDN'T.Jill: I'm drawing a blank then. Can't think of anything that might help.
Ingram: I wasn't expecting you to help me... or to believe me.
Jill: Eh?
Ingram: I could've been lying through my teeth this whole time.
Ingram: People lie, lady.
Jill: ...
Ingram: Anyway, I'm leaving now. This smell is killing me.
Jill: Please come again.
Ingram: Don't count on it.
Jill: (Good.)---------Day 8-------
Ingram: Why are you giving me that look?
Jill: You're just more cheerful than the last time you came.
Ingram: We all have good days and bad days. Today just so happens to be a not-bad day.
Ingram: Besides, with everyone scared shitless in their houses, the streets are clear with no traffic jams. 
Ingram: That's always a plus.
Jill: I guess...
Jill: I feel curious though, what's your stance on the whole Apollo Trust Bank thing?
Ingram: One corrupt organization showed its true colors...
Ingram: And now the other corrupt organizations are saving face condemning them.
Ingram: The whole thing feels almost cartoony in how they went full villain after the cat got out of the bag.
Ingram: The whole deal with Alice_Rabbit's intervention at the bank made it feel more like a crazy PR stunt, though.
Jill: I don't know, sometimes life is just that weird.
Ingram: Yeah, like you know anything about life.
Jill: ...
Ingram: It almost became a bad day though, thanks to some teens on the way here.
Jill: What did they do?
Ingram: It's not what they did, it's what they said.
Ingram: They were talking about how they should just go to Zaibatsu Corp's HQ and blow it up.
Ingram: I've seen one too many kids throwing around that "let's kill the king" attitude when it comes to Zaibatsu Crap.
Ingram: Even if Zaibatsu Corp's building suddenly went down, the ones behind it would be still alive.
Ingram: Killing the head honcho just means his or her duties go to the next rimjobber on the totem.
Ingram: Hell, I bet they're plotting to kill each other anyways.
Ingram: Kids these days see too many action films where the rebels save the day by killing the "Evil Corporation".
Jill: Don't let it get to you.
Ingram: I don't, I just hate teenagers.
Jill: It's interesting though. A big corporation in control is somehow more dangerous than a regular government.
Ingram: I wouldn't know. I'm not a political person.
Jill: (No shit.)-----
Rad Shiba: Oh! A customer. Sorry for the intrusion.
Ingram: You have a dog here? And a cat?
Jill: The cat's mine, his name's Fore. The dog just... hangs around here.
Ingram: He looks well groomed and his fur looks healthy.
Ingram: Seems you take good care of him.
Jill: You seem to know a lot about cats.
Ingram: No, that's just common sense.
Jill: Do you like cats, Mr. Ingram?
Ingram: I don't dislike them.
Ingram: But I do dislike having animals near me when I'm eating or drinking.
Ingram: So... I'll take my leave.
Jill: Please come again.
Ingram: Don't count on it.
Jill: You said that last time.
Ingram: Heh, I remember my daughter wanted a cat.
Ingram: I told her she couldn't have one but she went and fed some stray that passed by the house.
Ingram: Mozart, she called him.
Ingram: Even after all these years, that cat still passes by the house from time to time.
Ingram: Hunts a couple of birds, sleeps in a tree on the yard and leaves.
Ingram: My wife is devils-know-where and my daughter is playing with her grandparents.
Ingram: How pathetic can I be when the only creature that hasn't left me is some fucking stray cat?!
Ingram: ...
Fore: Meow.
Ingram: What? Are you a stray too?
Jill: He is.
Ingram: Figures.
Ingram: Alright, I'm gonna take my leave here. 
Ingram: I don't like eating or drinking surrounded by animals and that cat.
Jill: Please come again.
Ingram: As if.
Jill: You still came back though.nun, self-sacrifice life-guard-----Day 1-----
Jill: Damn, that must be a tough job.
Sei: Sort of, but it's also really rewarding.
Sei: I mean, I've yet to meet somebody that ISN'T glad to see me when I arrive.
Jill: You must've seen some shocking sights.
Sei: Yeah! This one time, when I was saving some people from the top of a collapsing building...
Sei: I looked down and was blown away by how pretty the city was! It was like a starry sky on earth!
Sei: Oh! And there was this time we were cleaning up the aftermath of a car crash. Water was pouring out of a hydrant. 
Sei: With the lights and scattered pieces of glass, it was all almost dream-like.
Jill: T-That's not what I meant by "shocking sights".
Sei: No? But those are sights... and they're shocking, right?
Jill: Yeah, but... nevermind.
Sei: Wait... did I mishear and you actually meant "sighs"?
Sei: I mean, sure. 
Sei: I've suffered the deepest, longest and most frustrated sighs from people after everything's said and done but...
Jill: Don't worry, you didn't mishear. I guess I was just expecting a different kind of answer.-------
Jill: That... actually helps. You're the first person to say something nice today, thanks.
Jill: What do you like about it?
Sei: The smell of dog urine and soap!
Jill: ...
Sei: My mom used to be a veterinarian, and I used to go to her clinic after school, so the smell takes me back.
Sei: It makes me feel... comfy and nostalgic.
Jill: ahem What made you become a White Knight instead of a veterinarian or... anything else?
Sei: Well, I was never a good student, so studying medicine of any kind was out of the question.
Sei: That aside, it's mostly because of something that happened while I was a kid.
Sei: A White Knight attacked my friend and was coming for me when this other White Knight saved us.
Sei: I don't remember what happened next. I just woke up in a hospital with my friend watching over me.
Sei: I mean, it wasn't a prophetic moment or anything like that. But ever since then I felt this was my calling.
Sei: That I wanted to help people the same way they helped me.
Jill: Huh... it's interesting though: one would think being attacked by a White Knight would make you run the opposite direction.
Sei: Yeah, but it was another one that saved me.
Sei: So I kinda guide myself toward judging everything on an individual basis. 
Sei: Well, not to an extremist extent, but... you get me.---------Day 3--------
Sei: She's such a worrywart.
Jill: That means she cares about you.
Sei: I've never doubted.--------
Dorothy: Wow, you have to be the first person to offer me a drink without having an ulterior motive. 
Dorothy: And that includes Fuckboy over there.
Gillian: ...
Jill: What do you mean?
Dorothy: Trust me, when you work in my kind of field, you learn to read cues from everything.
Dorothy: And this girl is simple to a fault.
Jill: ...
Sei: How so?
Dorothy: You're the "what you see is what you get" type. 
Dorothy: That look on your face is of one that simply sees no point in lying.
Dorothy: Coupled with the fact that you're here in what looks like your work attire tells me... 
Dorothy: That you're so married to your job that sex is too far down your priority list to notice its existence.
Dorothy: So, if you invited me to a drink because you found me cute and that's the extent of it, I believe you.
Sei: Thank you!
Jill: You say she's the first one, but what about Deal giving you a ticket the other day?
Dorothy: Who? Oh yeah! The Lilim with the dogs. 
Dorothy: No, he doesn't count. He looked like a humanoid mat.-----Day 8-------
Jill: Alright, what's the deal with Stella?
Sei: Nothing, I'm just... 
Jill: Afraid?
Sei: The word loses meaning after using it so much in so little time.
Sei: She should've been worried sick, and I couldn't call her after I came back. I'm afraid of what she will say.
Jill: She will insult you, she looks like that kind of girl.
Jill: But I'm betting all I have that she will be quickly happy that you're fine and alive.
Sei: Yeah... you're right.
Jill: Think about it this way: A slap or despair for what's left of her life.
Sei: I wouldn't pretend to disappear, I mean...
Jill: Besides, from what you tell me you're pretty much only coming to your senses today, right?
Sei: Yeah.
Sei: It's weird how everything can change in such a short notice, you know?
Sei: On Thursday I was a girl doing her duties minding only her own business.
Sei: Now I'm injured and woke up to find out I can't go back to those duties.
Sei: Part of me is happy, I knew full well White Knights usually did more harm than good.
Sei: On the other hand, I really loved my job. Now I'm stuck with nothing to do.
Jill: Yeah, I know how that is. The life changing on such short notice part, I mean.
Sei: Really?
Jill: I would tell you why I know that, but I think you should go see Stella right now.
Sei: Yeah, you're right.
Jill: Speaking of which... Hey Gil!
Gillian: What?
Jill: Do me a favor and escort Sei to... wherever she needs to go, please.
Gillian: Only if you cover my share of the work.
Jill: Yeah, yeah...
Gillian: Okay then. Let's go Miss.----------Day 10----------
Jill: So, what brings you here?
Sei: I wanted to come with Stella. So I'm waiting for her.
Jill: Why here?
Sei: To be with you, of course!
Jill: ...
Jill: That reminds me. How did Stella react when you arrived?
Sei: She slapped me... real hard. It hurt.
Sei: She said "That's for making me worried and not listening to me!" and then she became happy.
Jill: Huh...
Sei: Can I ask whose loss you are dealing with?
Jill: ...you shouldn't be bothered with it.
Jill: Just pretend I'm in a bad mood and call it a day.
Sei: Oh, okay.---Day 12-----
Sei: Do you like parties, Jill?
Jill: I don't mind them. They're a good place to see people.
Jill: I'm not one to actively look for parties to attend, though. I just... don't mind going to them.
Sei: Ah, I see.
Sei: I only go to parties that Stella is attending. Because otherwise, I'd just stand there without anything to say.---
Jill: You're not one to drink that much alcohol, are you?
Sei: It makes me feel sleepy or, at the very least, makes my legs go numb.
Sei: It's an annoying feeling, to be honest.
Jill: Here you go.
Sei: Thanks!
Sei: Um... you sure this isn't alcoholic?
Jill: Y-Yeah...
Sei: It might be expired, then.
Sei: Seems safe enough. Not gonna make it go to waste.
Sei: It makes me wonder what's so good about getting drunk.
Sei: I mean, I'm not above it, but it's not exactly a pleasant feeling.
Sei: You feel like you're sleepy even when you're not...
Sei: Your legs go numb. Everything starts sounding funnier than it really is...
Sei: What's so good about not being able to control yourself?
Jill: That's... a good question, actually.
Jill: Usually people like feeling numb because that numbness helps them forget their problems.
Jill: Even if we don't talk about alcohol, there's a portion of people that can't afford food... 
Jill: Or who are suffering from some pain that only alleviates when drunk or high.
Jill: It doesn't sound really logical on paper, but then again, humans are rarely, if ever, logical creatures.
Jill: Despair and pain cloud your judgement and make you do stupid things sometimes...
Sei: ...
Sei: Yeah... I've seen that firsthand.
Sei: This world has an ugly side nobody deserves to be a part of.nervous newspaper intern girl------Day 1------
???: MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER
Jill: ...interrupt me.
Jill: (Well, this is going nowhere, let's see if I can get a drink to calm her down... or to throw at her face.)-----------
Jill: Why were you asking all those questions?
Kim: Because now that I think about it, I don't really have a dream job or anything like that.
Jill: I think we idealize the idea of a dream job too much.
Jill: Not everyone walks around with a clear idea of what they want in life.
Jill: Some take a liking to a job, others find it after many failed attempts.
Jill: Sometimes life takes an unexpected turn that makes you change your plans...
Jill: ...
Jill: ...what I mean is: Don't worry too much about it.
Kim: Maybe you're right.
Kim: Well, I'm gonna take my leave now. Thank you for everything.=====乐在其中的妓女机器人=====-----Day 2-----------
Dorothy: If you're lonely enough to start talking to yourself, we could hit an arrangement.
Dorothy: Keep me fed and I'll keep you company.
Dorothy: You'll still need to pay if you want to get naughty, though.
Jill: I think I'll pass. I already have a cat that does all that.
Dorothy: Do you pay him to-...
Jill: Finish that sentence and I'll make sure you truly become invisible.
Dorothy: Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine. Consider this a standing offer, though.--------
Gillian: I'd rather not talk about it.
Dorothy: Hey honey, what did he do?
Jill: Gil's been a complete mystery for as long as I've known him.
Jill: His past is like a nebulous mass that tries to bite him every once in a while.
Dorothy: Nebulous?
Jill: You hear so much random stuff it's hard to make connections about what happened when.
Jill: And, you know, people lie.
Dorothy: Does your boss know about it?
Jill: She said "I'm not one to judge". Seems like she knows what the hell's going on.
Jill: But I think I'm better off not knowing. It's not really that necessary and it's a pain to think about.
Gillian: I'm... right here, you know?
Jill: Did I tell any lies?
Gillian: No, but...
Gillian: ...nevermind.-------
Dorothy: Oh, but last year he also wanted me to play the part on his daughter's birthday.
Jill: Wait a second... does he have a daughter or not?
Dorothy: Had. Seems she died four years ago.--------Day 3-----------
Sei: You seem very perceptive, Dorothy. But I'm not too far behind!
Dorothy: How so?
Sei: I can tell your body is heavily modded with things you shouldn't even have.
Dorothy: ...
Sei: Your skin is coated with an anti-radiation finish.
Sei: Your joints are of the premium, extra-flexible variety.
Sei: And the most important thing... your hands.
Dorothy: W-What about them?
Sei: I don't know how modded your body is under your clothes. The tongue, joints and skin are merely interesting.
Sei: But your hands are the MIRD113 of Realta Industries...
Sei: A model designed to shoot Class-5 bullets from its fingertips.
Dorothy: S-So...?
Sei: Clause G of article 17 in the Augmentations and Modifications law on the topic of ballistic augmentations.
Sei: "Any humanoid or sapient creature under civilian designation that has upgraded any of its person... 
Sei: ...to hold fire arms of Class-3 grade or higher will be either commissioned for disarmament or sent to danger zones."
Dorothy: ...w-what are you gonna do?
Sei: Nothing.
Dorothy: Eh?
Sei: I'm not in law enforcement. I just do rescue. And even if I was, I'm not on duty right now.
Dorothy: O-Oh...
Sei: I want to know, though. Why go through with that upgrade?
Dorothy: A girl's gotta take care of herself, you know?
Dorothy: I wanna be able to deal with things if they get ugly. And this is the most discreet mod I had.
Dorothy: ...or at least I thought so.
Dorothy: They would put my mind on a vacuum cleaner for three years!
Dorothy: Two if I behave well.
Jill: That's what happens when you underestimate people.----------
Dorothy: You're very, very, VERY sexually frustrated.
Dorothy: It's not the act itself, but rather that your partners can't seem to satisfy you on a deeper level.
Dorothy: There's an even deeper frustration. Something happened that's blocking you.
Dorothy: Maybe there's someone who you know won't return your feelings. Maybe you were hurt in the past.
Dorothy: Thus, your demeanor is that of someone who feels like life is playing tricks on her. 
Dorothy: Like a dog whose owner never really throws the ball.
Jill: ...
Jill: ...
Dorothy: Oh boy, did I actually hit the nail on the head? I was making this stuff up on the fly!
Dorothy: All of that was just rubbish I say because it's right 80% of the time.
Dorothy: Generic bullshit if you will. You'd be surprised at the amount of sexual frustration people hold.
Dorothy: I can't read you, honey. You're too good at putting on a professional face.
Dorothy: But this definitely gives me more insight into you. Lucky lucky~------Day 5---------
Dorothy: Oho? Were you two hanging at the back of the bar? What kind of stuff were you doing?
Jill: Just talking.
Dorothy: Is that what they call it these days?-------
Dorothy: I'm lovely and my name's Dorothy, Dorothy Haze. Nice to meet you!
Alma: Oh. I'm Alma. The pleasure's mine.
Alma: Dorothy, you say?
Dorothy: Eeyup, why?
Alma: Nothing, I guess I've heard about you before.
Dorothy: Really? What kind of stuff? Tell me! Tell me!
Alma: Mostly about your... umm... pluckiness.
Dorothy: And here I was thinking it was because I'm a sex worker.
Alma: ...so much for trying to be subtle.
Dorothy: Hey, I take pride in my job. Otherwise I wouldn't be doing it.-----
Alma: But the usual way is using a buffer overflow.
Dorothy: B-Buff...
Dorothy: What happens next?! WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?!
Alma: I... create a backdoor in the system before leaving and covering my tracks...
Dorothy: ...I-I can't...
Dorothy: I can't handle it anymore!
Dorothy: Alma, hack me! Hack me like you've never hacked anything before!!
Alma: E-Eh?!
----------Day 6---------
Dana: There's also that sex worker robot girl.
Jill: Ah, Dorothy.
Dana: She intrigues me, though. I've seen lots of sex workers over the years, and she seems pretty giddy.
Dana: It's not that she likes her job, but rather that she takes to it with such childish excitement.
Jill: I've kinda noticed that too. But then again, Lilim can be weird.
Dana: You think?
Jill: Lilim operate in some really foreign logic.
Jill: I mean, they don't really share our fear of mortality.
Jill: Even if their bodies are destroyed, their minds are already backed up in the collective source.
Jill: If they lose an arm, they can reattach it or replace it. 
Jill: Depending on the circumstances, they might not even feel pain at all.
Jill: It's not like they haven't attained human-like emotions like fear or love, but they are... different.
Jill: Like a different culture, if you must.
Dana: Hm... I didn't see it that way.
Jill: Aside from that, Dorothy is a DFC-72. It's a "Social Interactions" model or something.
Jill: Lilim get positive reinforcement straight from their bodies if they're fulfilling their main purpose, so...
Jill: I'm guessing she gets a built-in push whenever she's in a meaningful or "challenging" social interaction.
Dana: Interesting.--------Day 9-----
Jill: So, how's business?
Dorothy: You'd be surprised by how many people get struck by holiday depression and need some Dorothy in their lives.
Dorothy: Although it's also the season with the most competition.
Jill: I didn't know you had competition.
Dorothy: Of course I do, both humans and Lilim. Half of them got a sexy Santa dress and that's not fair!
Dorothy: They were sold out! I wanted one too!
Dorothy: But maybe it's better that way.
Jill: How so?
Dorothy: The other girls like to dress in skimpy clothes and show lots of skin. That scares off lots of people.
Dorothy: I learned that the best way to maintain regulars is to just dress normally.
Jill: Really?
Dorothy: If I dress normally, they can just pretend I'm some acquaintance. No need to hide me until reaching the room.
Dorothy: Hell, some even invite me to a dinner or a movie before anything else.
Dorothy: Although I must say it's a bit hard to get the clients in the first place. They can't tell what I do at a glance.
Dorothy: And the first time they see me after a call they think I'm just making a prank or something.
Jill: Huh, I never saw it that way.-------
Jill: Oh yeah, how old are you?
Dorothy: Old enough for anything you want.
Jill: Numbers. I need numbers.
Dorothy: Are you really asking a girl her age that way? Okay then, tell me your age first.
Jill: 27.
Dorothy: No fair! You didn't get fidgety or anything like that.
Dorothy: Fiiiine. I'll tell you.
Dorothy: My model's designed to look between 10 to 13 years old. But my last checkup said my mental age was 24.
Jill: How long since you've been deployed?
Dorothy: That's a secret I'll keep with me~
Jill: Fair enough.
Dorothy: I expected you to get all uncomfortable talking about your age though. Why didn't you?
Jill: With how dangerous everything's been lately, every year you get matters.
Jill: Getting old isn't a curse, it's an achievement.
Dorothy: You should make a shirt with that. Because if you don't, I will.
Jill: Feel free to do so.---------Dorothy: I've been in many, but I still don't get the charm of gangbangs. Orgies I can see though.
Dorothy: Well, either remembering that got me turned on or the alcohol is kicking in.
Dorothy: Either way, I'm leaving. Bye, honey!
Jill: ...
Gillian: That girl has seen some shit.
Jill: Now I can't see Mega Santas with the same eyes.----Day 12------
Dorothy: So, from what Dana told me, someone close to you died, right?
Jill: Yeah.
Jill: Do you wanna know more about it?
Dorothy: Do you wanna tell me about it?
Jill: I've brought it up enough times already, I think.
Dorothy: No problem then. You were sad and that's all I needed to know.======简洁绅士的硬汉暗杀者=======-----Day 2------
Jill: There's something I've been wondering for a while now.
Jamie: What could that be?
Jill: First it was how a professional assassin could be so polite and pleasant to be around... 
Jill: ...but I guess your line of work doesn't have to have any bearing on your personality.
Jamie: Thanks a lot.
Jill: What I've often wondered about is how you can be so calm here?
Jill: Aren't you worried about police or the like?
Jamie: Well... first of all, I try to keep everything as clean as possible.
Jamie: Second, I don't come here looking for trouble, so I don't raise suspicion.
Jamie: And finally, you can thank your boss for easing my mind about other folks.
Jill: My boss?
Jamie: I've seen what she's done. I feel safe here.
Jamie: She could take care of things if I went haywire.
Jill: Haywire? You?
Jamie: Don't mind that.
Jill: (Hard not to mind it if you just said...)--------Day 8--------
Jamie: It seems I always manage to make you uncomfortable, Jill. Sorry.
Jill: Ah, no. Don't worry.
Jill: Although I guess it's mostly because I can't wrap my mind around the whole "taking a human life" thing.
Jill: Knowing you've killed people and are now talking to me here? It's... weird.
Jill: It reminds me of when I first took sex ed classes.
Jill: I couldn't wrap my mind around people doing that stuff and living normally.
Jamie: Unlike with sex ed, it's better that you stay that way, mind you.
Jamie: Taking lives is not something you should get used to.
Jamie: Ah yes, I know a good way to change the subject a bit.
Jamie: Would you like to hear about the most dangerous bounty hunter in the city?
Jill: The way you said that was like offering a tale to a bored kid. But yeah, I'd like to hear that one.==========
cute, iron fist, king of side jobs
------Day 6-----------
Dana: What worries me a bit is that Beer always leads to something else.
Jill: To more Beer?
Dana: I was gonna say, "To one of us going through the Spanish announcers' table."
Dana: But I think we're safe here.
Jill: Come on in, then.
Dana: Excuse me...
Jill: Want one?
Dana: Sorry, I don't smoke. Don't mind me though, smoke if you wanna.
Jill: Thanks.-------
Jill: Would you like a sweater or something?
Dana: Oh, don't mind me.
Jill: I insist. I have this hoodie from some time ago and it was too big for me.
Dana: Why buy it then?
Jill: It was dirt-cheap!
Dana: Right...--------
-----------
Jill: You know, Boss, I'm a bit curious about your circle of friends. What kind of people do you have in it?
Dana: Keep in mind, you're included in this circle too, so any insults you hurl will apply right back to you.
Dana: Anyways, aside from you, Gil, my sis, Iris and Lexi... hm...
Dana: I guess there're a lot of people that don't want to see me in harm's way.
Dana: ...mostly because they're the ones that want to hurt me.---------Day 7---------
Jill: Hey Boss, why did you leave the hoodie at my place?
Dana: Because it's yours?
Jill: But I told you you could keep it.
Dana: Sorry, I... couldn't find it in myself to take it.
Jill: Why?
Dana: Partly because I didn't feel right taking it.
Dana: But mostly because I thought you'd totally look cute with it.
Jill: I-I see...
Dana: Don't think I'm rejecting a gift of yours, it's just...
Dana: Preserving cuteness is one of my principles.
Jill: R-Right...
Jill: Um... Boss, about last night...
Jill: I think I said one too many things and... uh...
Dana: So what? Drunk banter is something you see every day. It's not like I'm gonna think less of you because of it.
Jill: ...
Dana: Relax, if anything I feel closer to you after seeing you so wasted.
Jill: Oh...
Dana: So yeah, don't give it much thought.
Dana: Are you still worried about the whole bar closure thing?
Jill: Of course I am.
Jill: Not like I can't work because of it, but you know...
Dana: All we can do is enjoy whatever time we have left here as best we can.
Jill: Yeah...
Dana: So, cheer up! Clients smell sadness and fear, and we don't want that.--------Day 9--------
Dana: Ah, Jill. Good timing.
Jill: Is it? You two always make me feel like I'm late.
Dana: If it helps, that dog isn't coming until some time later.
Dana: Anyway, do you have something planned for Sunday?
Jill: Watch silly Mega Christmas specials with 1000 grams of black fur on my lap. Why?
Dana: I was thinking about holding a small Mega Christmas party here this Sunday. You in?
Jill: Sure. Why not?
Dana: Alright!
Dana: Invite any client you're acquainted with. The more the merrier.-------Day 10--------
Jill: This is what I wanted, this is why I left all of that behind, this is why...
Jill: ...
Gillian: See? You're starting to sound like a broken record.
Dana: Oh, leave her be. I'd rather have her here than be alone in her apartment.
Dana: How are you feeling, Jill?
Jill: I feel like a shit-eating piece of shit.
Jill: I'm the lowest of any possible life form you might find.
Jill: Nanobes look down to me in disgust, knowing they're far superior.
Dana: You're spirited, that's good.
Jill: Where's the mutt?
Dana: Working with CIRA.
Gillian: "At" CIRA.
Dana: I know what I said.
Dana: In any case, let Jill process her anger. It's perfectly normal to feel that way.
Dana: And here, she's surrounded by people that care about her. 
Dana: That's a lot better than leaving her to fend for herself.
Dana: I mean, as smart as Fore might be, he's still just a cat.
Gillian: Then why not have Jill stay, but not serve anyone today?
Jill: What part of "I won't leave" didn't you understand?!
Jill: I didn't leave everyone behind to just sit and do nothing!
Gillian: Fine, fine...
Gillian: sigh What do we do if she lashes out at a client?
Dana: That's why you're here, Gillian Pliskin.------Day 11------
Dana: Anyways, Jill. If you need a second break, a drink or a hug... just let me know, you hear?
Jill: Thanks.
Gillian: I'd make you the same offer, but I'm guessing hugs from me are the last thing you want.
Gillian: If you need a bartender, let me know though.
Jill: Nice to know.
Jill: Anyways, we have work to do.
Jill: Time to mix drinks and change lives.
Gillian: Heh, it's nice to hear that again.free sex sexy hacker--------Day 3-------------
Jill: Alma, we've known each other for... what? A few months now?
Jill: I'd be interested if those "relationships" of yours went further than a week or two.
Jill: You say you broke up, but there's usually not enough time to foster something to break.
Jill: It's more like... "The guy wasn't what I wanted so I stopped flirting."
Alma: ...you could pretend to be more interested, you know?
Jill: Like my mom says: "If I don't buy it, it's because I know the product".---
Alma: He frequents those and... it's something I'd rather not deal with. At all.
Alma: If I stayed with him, I'd eventually have to. 
Alma: I mean, I need to support my partner in what he does, but if it's something like that...
Jill: You see? That's the problem right there.
Jill: You say breaking up like you had something formal, but most of the time you're still getting to know him.
Jill: Think about it. Have you ended your longest lasting relationships for things like those?
Alma: Okay, sorry for not using the right word or whatever. But I'm still sorely  disappointed.
Alma: And at least I'm trying to get some action. When was the last time you spent the night with someone else?
Jill: Last night.
Alma: Your cat doesn't count.---------
Jill: You know, your orders are weird today.
Alma: They are?
Jill: Yeah, usually the first thing you ask for is a Brandtini. And then something like a Cobalt Velvet or something similar.
Alma: Well, I sometimes feel like I need something different, you know?
Jill: Something tells me part of the reason you left this Damian is because he was too deep into routine.
Alma: ...maybe.-----------
Jill: As a hacker, what's your opinion on the whole Alice_Rabbit thing?
Alma: ...
Jill: That's the silence of somebody who just heard something stupid.
Jill: Stupid enough to warrant the speech they've prepared just for occasions like this.
Alma: As always, very perceptive of you.-------
Alma: But enough of that, there's a more pressing matter at hand.
Jill: There is?
Alma: Yeah, you've been delaying my invitations for hanging out sometime for too long!
Jill: Oh... that.
Alma: Do you hate me that much, Jill? Does my presence make you that uncomfortable?
Jill: No, I...
Alma: At this rate I might just crash by your apartment! That way you can't just say no.
Alma: Maybe I'll also crash for the night.
Alma: We could have a sleepover, braid our hair, tell stories all night, shower together...
Alma: You know you need some human warmth in that place.
Jill: Your tits alone would fill my entire bathroom.
Alma: Man, you react too nonchalantly. It's no fun.
Alma: React a little bit. Let me tease you for a second.
Jill: I refuse.
Alma: In all seriousness, though. Any particular reason you keep turning down my invitations?
Alma: I mean, it's not a date. I just wanna have a conversation with you outside these four walls.
Jill: I'm... not a morning person.
Jill: I registered for a night shift precisely to avoid waking up early.
Alma: The earliest I've asked you out is 10 a.m, you know?
Jill: That's early morning by my standards.
Jill: I mean, it's not that I don't wanna hang out. I just don't want to wake up early.
Alma: You. Are. Hopeless.
Alma: Anyway, I'm gonna need another drink here.
Alma: Like, say... a big Brandtini.
Jill: Finally. That's the Alma I know.-------
Alma: Did you celebrate your quince... quin... your fifteenth birthday party? Eh Jill?
Jill: Don't think so.
Alma: What about your sweet sixteen? Did you do anything special for that?
Jill: Nope.
Alma: And your eighteenth? Or twenty first?
Jill: No, none of those. I saw no point in making them any different from other birthdays.
Alma: Oh, but they're different.
Jill: How so?
Alma: They celebrate your budding sexuality.
Alma: It's the point where society tells you that you can fuck.
Alma: That you're starting to look appealing enough for other people to consider fucking you.
Alma: It's also the hypocritical way they tell you "You can, but SHOULDN'T fuck".
Jill: I guess that's one way of seeing it.
Alma: Although there's no point in celebrating those so late.
Alma: There was this one time in middle school where I got fed up with a teacher.
Alma: I was in eighth grade, but the idiot kept treating me like a child.
Alma: So, one day, I adjusted my shirt, pushed my boobs together with my arms, and told him:
Alma: "Teacher, you do know you could get me pregnant, right?"
Alma: Poor bastard couldn't look at me for the rest of the year.
Alma: I also got suspended, scolded and grounded. But it was totally worth it!
Alma: I was a blossoming woman and I wasn't gonna stand for it!
Jill: ...
Alma: This is why I like numbers.
Alma: Numbers don't await your sexual awakening just to tell you later that you shouldn't be sexual.
Alma: Numbers never betray you. They don't cross you.
Alma: They don't expect you to form a family or give them grandkids...
Alma: You think a 27 cares if you have a Catholic wedding?
Jill: No, but I care that you're drunk.----------Day 5----------
???: Hey Jill!
Jill: Oh, Alma.
Alma: Just "Oh, Alma"? Where's the courtesy one would expect from plebeian bar staff?
Jill: Welcome to Valhalla. What can I get you?
Jill: ...happy?
Alma: Not when you put it that way.
Taylor: Why, hello there, beautiful.
Alma: Hm? WhoAAAAAAAAAH!
Taylor: You hurt my feelings with that, darling.
Alma: S-S-Sorry, you don't see talking disembodied brains every day...
Alma: I mean, I did work a summer in Lilim maintenance but even then, those were talking heads...
Taylor: Oh, don't worry about it. At least you're not running or fainting.
Taylor: Your name was Alma, right? I'm Taylor.
Alma: N-Nice to meet you, Taylor.
Taylor: Say, Alma. Can I buy you a drink?
Alma: Sorry, I only date people who're at least 50% organic... and have at least one face.
Taylor: Hm... I know just what to strive for then!
Taylor: Just kidding. It'd make me happy to make you happy by buying you a drink. Does that bother you?
Alma: I guess if Jill's the bartender, I don't have a problem with that.
Taylor: Awesome! I'll pay for your next drink then.--
Taylor: Hope you enjoy it.
Alma: You know, you've been nicer to me these past minutes than at least three guys have been in the last year.
Jill: Here.
Taylor: Hm? Do you not like Alma, Jill? You messed up her drink.
Alma: Leave her be. She's just like that.
Taylor: Judging from the way you two talk, I'm guessing you've been a client here for a while now, right?
Alma: Only for about half a year or so, if memory serves right.
Taylor: Really? One would think it's been longer.
Jill: sigh It feels like it's been longer.
Alma: Shut up, you love me and you know it.
Taylor: So, you just started coming here and that was it?--------
Alma: You see, back when my body started developing, I got really shy.
Alma: But at some point, something snapped within me.
Alma: I wasn't feeling shy anymore, I felt... powerful.
Alma: My body felt like a new toy to me, one I was gonna make sure to use.
Alma: Of course there were two problems with that idea.
Alma: I was a teen, a horny teen. And I was surrounded by horny teens.
Alma: sigh I'm not even ashamed. I still stand by the core moral I held back then.
Alma: But it's one of those memories that you look back to and become terrified of how reckless you were.
Alma: I mean, I could've gotten pregnant... or worse.
Jill: ...
Jill: ...at that age I was always dressed in black and was obsessed with occultism.
Jill: The worst I remember was being the butt of other kids' jokes. /*笑柄*/
Jill: ...
Alma: Well, you know how the old adage goes.
Alma: "Don't compare your life to others. You don't know what they've been through."
Jill: Nah, I wasn't comparing. Just wondering if some of that self-esteem thing would've helped me back then.--------
Jill: So I take it you rejected him... in a stadium... on the fucking kiss cam.
Alma: We went out for like 3 weeks!
Alma: I don't know. Maybe he wanted to get in my pants with the old "sex on the wedding night" line.
Alma: But I honest-to-god can't understand why he thought it would be a good idea.
Jill: That sounds too convoluted, you know? Proposing and waiting for the wedding night just for sex.
Alma: Never underestimate the lengths a man is willing to go to get you in their bed.
Alma: I've seen more convoluted plots over the years.
Jill: I'm feeling tempted to ask. But I'll pass.-------
Jill: The idea of moving just gives me a headache.
Alma: You shouldn't take things so seriously when I say them, you know?
Jill: I don't, but I've thought about it before.
Jill: Now, I need some air. I'm gonna take my break. You wanna come?
Alma: Are you inviting me to the back of the bar? You should invite me to dinner first.
Jill: Every minute you waste making jokes is time taken from my break.
Alma: Fine, let's go.-----Day 6-----
Dana: You've made the bar more lively yourself, you know?
Jill: How so?
Dana: Well, with the regulars you've earned of course.
Dana: Like that blonde titty hacker. I can't remember her name.
Jill: Alma?
Dana: I was gonna say Armitage.
Jill: Well, she's hot, I'll give her that much.
Jill: She's also a nice person in general, but damn, she's hot.
Dana: Are you alright, Jill?
Jill: Yeah, why?
Dana: It's... weird to see you say so openly that someone's hot.
Jill: What? Even you can see she has a hot body, Boss.
Dana: ...you'll find no objections here.
Jill: I mean, I'd be lying if I said I hadn't thought about taking her to a room and...
Jill: ...
Dana: Jill, you sure you aren't drunk?
Jill: I am. I mean I'm sure I'm not. I mean...
Jill: ahem
Jill: But those are thoughts I leave to myself. I don't think I could handle her in a relationship. 
Jill: She has... weird standards.
Jill: That and she's as straight as straight gets.
Jill: She's still a lovely person, though. That she became a regular is a blessing.
Dana: Any regular is a blessing when you get down to it.------
fan of sei, capable noble lady--------Day 3---------
Stella: Her helmets have been picked up by all sorts of people in the last three months.
Stella: Valets, nurses, morticians, fire jugglers...
Stella: She's been lucky enough to always leave it with people who return it, at least.
Jill: Whoa, quite a few people.
Stella: Sei's as much of a sociable girl as she is a total klutz.
Stella: At least when she's not being serious. She's very competent when she puts her mind to it.---------Day 7-----------
Jill: So she...?
Stella: She didn't show up on the list of the massive body count in the aftermath, so...
Stella: I was hoping that maybe you've seen her.
Jill: As much as I'd love to say that I had...
Jill: ...
Stella: Yeah, I figured as much.
Stella: ...
Jill: ...
Jill: (Man, the air is suddenly a lot heavier.)
Stella: ...
Jill: (I mean, I could tell her everything will be alright, but that would sound a bit... condescending.)
Stella: ...
Jill: (sigh What does one do in this kind of situation?)
Stella: ...
Jill: (Maybe a joke? Nah, that'd be tasteless.)
Stella: ...
Jill: (Okay, just... try and say anything. At the very least, you'll break the tension.)
Jill: (Maybe distracting her will be enough?)
Jill: (I don't think clearly when under this kind of pressure, do I?)-------
Jill: sigh Sometimes I wish I had a magic wand so I could solve all my problems with a swing, you know?
Stella: Sorry if I'm making you uncomfortable.
Jill: Oh, sorry. No, it's not about feeling uncomfortable.
Jill: It's just... weird. I usually try to say something to my clients when I see them down.
Jill: And right now, I can't find any words that don't sound hypocritical, useless, or tasteless.
Stella: I'm glad to know you have that much common sense, at least.
Jill: All I can do is get you drinks. Can I get you anything else?------
Jill: Seems you really like Sei.
Stella: I don't have brothers or sisters, and my social interactions are usually strictly business.
Stella: So Sei's more than a friend to me, she's... she's...
Stella: ...
Jill: Sorry, I brought that topic up at a bad time.
Stella: ahem Don't worry about it.
Stella: As I was saying, she's more than a friend. She's my emotional support, she's someone I can trust wholeheartedly.
Stella: I'd say she's like my sister, but siblings usually lack that level of trust.
Stella: I have to deal with high-class pricks of every race and upbringing on a daily basis.
Stella: They use a "business mask" to hide anything they don't want others to know and I do the same.
Stella: But with Sei I can be myself, I can do whatever I want and vent all my frustrations.
Stella: She's always been there for me, and now she might need me...
Stella: But here I am, sitting in a bar, making other people do that job because I'm a useless pile of flesh!
Stella: ...
Stella: ...sorry about the outburst.
Jill: I'm actually kind of jealous of the level of self-control you're using here.
Jill: I mean, I'd be a mess in that situation.
Jill: Still, would you like some fresh air? I'm gonna take my break and you could use some.------
Debate with Art, the detective, on pros and cons of capital
Stella: Of course I do, why else would I say it?
Stella: You do bring up something I always fail to remember. All the benefits we've gained over time are limited to a few.
Stella: I can talk about advances all I want, but in the end, they're still a luxury belonging only to a few.
Stella: And even those that can be accessed by everyone are more like an improvement in the bigger picture.
Stella: That doesn't take away the fact that there have been positive changes.
Stella: Credit where credit's due, don't you think?
Jill: That's a... pretty mature answer.
Stella: Discussions are a way for two parties to understand each other.
Stella: The only people afraid of discussion are the ones whose points are too fragile to defend against someone.----Day15--------
Stella: He was drunk and couldn't find any drugs, so he made it to the city.
Stella: He caused a ruckus for a couple of days until Sei managed to scare him off.
Jill: How?
Stella: She beat him to near death... three times.
Jill: pfft
Jill: Sorry, I shouldn't laugh but...
Stella: Oh, don't worry. I laughed too.
Stella: The dramatic irony there is delicious.
fan service streaming-chan
-------Day 4---------
Jill: ...wait. What's NND?
Streaming-chan: Don't tell me you haven't heard of Niku Niku Dance.
Jill: I asked for a reason.
Streaming-chan: It's... well it's music videos with 3D models.
Streaming-chan: Yeah, that sounds like a good enough explanation.
Jill: I see.
Streaming-chan: To be honest though, the model is a bit... meatier than me.
Streaming-chan: Not that I mind it though, considering the use it gets.
Jill: ahem-------
Jill: Umm... do you really "get lucky" if the other person knows they're being streamed?
Streaming-chan: You'd be surprised by how many are actually turned on by that.
Jill: How do you deal with people who don't want their identities revealed?
Streaming-chan: Everything's written here.
Jill: "By being captured by this camera, you hereby provide consent to the use of your face..."
Jill: "...on all material produced by Streaming-chan L.L.C."
Jill: I'm not sure how legal that is.
Streaming-chan: People believe it is and I've yet to be troubled by a lawyer.
Streaming-chan: It's funny, though. When you're on the street, unless it's somebody really hot, you can't recall their faces...
Streaming-chan: But learn their name and suddenly they're a fucking snowflake that's better than all the rest.straightforward vet
-------Day 4--------
Deal: Now that I think about it...
Deal: You have that hobby of speculating what someone's personality is like based just on their looks.
Deal: I mean, you did the same with Jill here.
Betty: Amazing, you actually made that sound weird as hell.
Betty: Yes, I have the habit of trying to guess someone's behaviour based on their looks.
Betty: No, it's not a hobby. You made that sound like I'm some sort of creep.
Deal: I-I did?
Jill: What did you think about me?
Betty: Nothing much, really. Mostly that you were too polite.
Betty: Not a natural polite, though. More like a professional polite. You're like that because you need to be.
Betty: That was it, really. 
Betty: Although the way you looked at me when I said your boss could use a skirt or shorts was interesting.
Betty: You seemed... interested in what I said. Like you'd like to see that scenario.
Jill: You're thinking too much.
Jill: What do you think about Gil, then?
Betty: Hm...
Gillian: ...
Betty: Hmhm...
Betty: He's either a total simpleton or acts like one in a way that consumes the rest of his character.
Gillian: Heh... heheh... yeah...
Betty: But anyway, I'm just a veterinarian. 
Betty: My judgement might be clouded by seeing so many furry businessmen. 
Betty: Let's have another round.
Deal: Sounds like a good idea. I'll have...
Betty: You'll have something strong. You need to pump some testosterone into your taste in drinks.
Betty: You'll thank me later. Trust me.-----------
Jill: I knew it all, so when it all happened I felt nothing.
Jill: They confirmed my suspicions that teenagers are a plague that must be eradicated.
Jill: ...
Jill: ...
Jill: Anyway, why the question?
Betty: ...hey, piece of scrap.
Deal: Yeah?
Betty: These are the situations where you should've stopped me before I said anything.
Deal: It's better to learn by tripping yourself.
Jill: Why the question, though?------Day 11------
Betty: As for me, sometimes I think I became more... err... what's the word?
Deal: Cynical? Jaded? Bitter? Tired of the crap this world and everyone in it throws on a daily basis?
Betty: Hey...
Deal: I'm just quoting you.
Betty: sigh But yeah. I think I became all that because of this one girlfriend I had in college.
Betty: She got me into the whole activism thing in the first place.
Deal: How is that bad?
Betty: We'd all go and protest. We'd start all kinds of movements to see things changed...
Betty: I really got into the whole thing.
Betty: But whenever I wanted to get more serious, I'd find myself coming up against a wall.
Betty: That wall is an analogy for the fact that not everyone was willing to go that far.
Betty: I found out pretty fast that most of them were in the whole thing because of some shitty fad.
Betty: And not because they actually believed in whatever movement they were championing.
Betty: So I moved from group to group, only to find people who were in it because of a fad.
Betty: And when they were not in it because of a passing fad, they were of the dangerous extremist kind.
Betty: My tolerance for people's shit was greatly diminished after all that.
Jill: So it wasn't so much the person you had a relationship with, but rather other people.
Betty: ...um.
Deal: You seriously never thought about it that way?
Betty: Uh...
Deal: You need to stop putting the blame for what you do on past relationships.
Betty: Whatever!brain in the vat, true gentleman
----------Day 5---------
Taylor: In a slow but steady manner, we are helping the world understand the inner workings of nature's most complex computer.
Jill: I'm guessing you prepared that after being asked the same question too many times, huh?
Taylor: Not out of exasperation or anything like that, mind you.
Taylor: I just wanted to have something thoughtful prepared.
Taylor: Look! I even have a couple of pamphlets with me.
Taylor: You want one?
Jill: Sure...
Jill: What brings one of our world's five brains in jars to this place though?
Taylor: Oh, I'm from around here, actually.
Taylor: I just wanted to take a walk for the first time in... quite a bit of time.
Jill: Have you come here before?
Taylor: Sadly, no. Otherwise I'd remember a cute face like yours.
Taylor: Speaking of which, can I have your name?
Jill: Um... it's Jill.
Taylor: Jill? That's a really cute name.
Jill: Thank you.----
Taylor: This new state of existence allows me to accomplish more than I ever could before. 
Taylor: Plus, I'm doing something that'll help people in the long run.
Taylor: Wouldn't you be happy?
Jill: I wonder...
Taylor: Do you wanna make me happy, Jill?
Jill: Depends on what it takes.
Taylor: Don't worry. Just give me a Beer.
Jill: Alright, then yeah. I'll make you happy.---
Taylor: It was quite a shock, actually. It didn't last too long, though. I never was too attached to my body.
Taylor: Later in my life, that was almost literal.
Taylor: You know what the downside to this body is?
Taylor: I can't get drunk.
Jill: If you want to call that a downside...
Taylor: If you wanted to drink alcohol for the taste, there are many alternatives.
Taylor: Drunkenness is part of the whole experience.
Jill: Why though? Lilim can get drunk with no problem.
Taylor: Yeah, but in their case, their brain's a computer attached to their body.
Taylor: Getting drunk causes their brains to reduce the input speed to their bodies.
Taylor: Depending on the model, their "drunk-subroutine" might throw in a different behavioral cycle, even.
Taylor: It's hard to get drunk when the whole point of you being in a jar is figuring out exactly HOW you work.
Jill: Hm... yeah, you're right.half-bottle poet------Day 5-----
???: Such a... small yet comfortable place.
???: Truly, an oasis of spiritual drinks in the midst of the suburban desert.
???: A place where lost and corrupt souls can gather to forget their troubles for a while.
???: A nest where everyone from the most pathetic scum to the vilest trash-junkie can just sit to kill their insides.
???: Truly, a real Persona Non Grata.
???: That's Latin for mysterious place, by the way. I'm so smart and philosophical.
Jill: (Alright! We got ourselves a Persona Non Grata/*不受欢迎之人*/ here...)-----
Virgilio: But going back on topic, do you know what the number seventeen means?
Jill: The atomic number of chlorine?
Virgilio: No, and Chloe is a name, not a number, you know?
Jill: The group where halogens are in the periodic table?
Virgilio: Stop making up words like "halogens", "periodic", and "table".
Jill: Okay then. I give up.
Virgilio: Seventeen is us.
Jill: Eh?
Virgilio: Every human has seventeen pairs of chromosomes. That number is the whole foundation of you and me.
Jill: It's... 23.
Virgilio: What is?
Jill: Humans have 23 pairs of chromosomes. Not 17.
Virgilio: Well, they're both primal numbers, so it's the same idea.---------Day 10---------
Virgilio: But if you allow me to give you a sincere piece of advice...
Jill: ...whatever. It's not like it'll help.
Virgilio: You shouldn't kick yourself so much.
Virgilio: If you keep it up, any chance of finally forgiving yourself will someday be gone.
Virgilio: Self-hate will leave you with a hole that will never heal.
Virgilio: So please take measures against it instead of sulking so much.
Jill: ...I'll be damned. That actually sounded half-sensible.
Jill: And here I was thinking you were just a pompous lunatic.
Virgilio: Hey! Pompous lunatics have stories too!
Jill: Really? What story?
Virgilio: I... would rather not tell.
Jill: Figures.
Jill: You want anything else?-------------Day 14-------------
Jill: So... tired of putting on an act. Care to explain?
Virgilio: It's a long story. And I'd honestly rather not talk about it right now.
Jill: Fair enough. What made you change your mind, though?
Virgilio: Well, for one thing, it's safer for me now. The pompous buffoon act was mostly a way to avoid raising suspicion.
Jill: Safer? There's a word that's been losing meaning lately.
Jill: Wait... THAT was your way of avoiding suspicion?
Virgilio: Yes.
Jill: ...you do know how weird that sounds, right?
Virgilio: It sounds weird?
Jill: You try not to raise suspicion, but you act in a bombastic manner that screams you're there.
Virgilio: And everyone dismisses the fool as a buffoon and moves on.
Jill: ...
Jill: ...eh?
Virgilio: I mean, you might be right if I were talking about hiding myself.
Virgilio: But I'm avoiding certain... crowds of people.
Virgilio: Yes, my behaviour might call everyone's attention.
Virgilio: But then everyone just decides I'm harmless and disregards me.
Virgilio: And depending on how erratic my actions are, I become harder to read.
Virgilio: Giving me yet another layer of enigma.
Jill: I...
Jill: Huh.
Jill: Well, congrats. No offense, but I fell right into your plan.
Jill: I just dismissed your actions as those of a fool and moved on.
Jill: You completely fooled me.
Virgilio: Thanks.
Virgilio: Say, can you give me something spicy?
Jill: Sure.
Jill: Here.
Virgilio: Aren't you fascinated by spiciness?
Virgilio: What's spicy for humans might not be spicy for other animals.
Virgilio: Hell, what's toxic for us might not be for other creatures.
Virgilio: Do you like spicy things, bartender?
Jill: I don't mind them, I guess. But I'm not really a fan.
Virgilio: That neutral stance is actually weird to come across.
Virgilio: Everyone either loves spicy things or hates them with passion.
Jill: Do you like it?
Virgilio: Lots. Not only in regards to painfully spicy things, but also the way mild or slight spice adds to a meal.early mature litter sister of ex girlfriend------Day 9--------
Jill: S-So... how's Lenore?
Gillian: Wait, who's Lenore?
Jill: Her sister, she's... um... she was my girlfriend.
Gillian: So you actually had a relationship with something that's not a cat? Color me surprised!
Jill: Hey... don't talk shit about my baby.-------
Jill: Come on Gaby, stop fooling arou-...
Gaby: No, YOU stop fooling around, I mean, WOW!
Gaby: My sister was left to suffer her disease alone while you were all merry here, mixing drinks and chatting!
Jill: Wait, Lenore was sick? Of what? Since when?
Gaby: Localized Nanomachine Rejection. It gave her a heart attack.
Gaby: She started complaining about chest pains not long after you left.
Gaby: Was all the talk about getting your freedom worth it, Jill?
Gaby: Was your right to be merry worth the life of my sister?!
Jill: Why are you lashing out at me like that?! Did I infect her with the disease that killed her?
Gaby: No, but. It's too much of a coincidence that she started getting worse and worse right after you left!
Gaby: She got visibly sick after your fight. It'd be no surprise if that fight played a key role in killing her!
Jill: But that's just speculation, you can't expect-... 
Gaby: And all of that because you wanted "freedom"?!
Gaby: What kind of freedom is so enticing that it makes you hurt a nice three-year-old relationship?!
Gaby: Was this freedom so important you cut all contact with us?!
Gaby: Was this freedom so good you left everything behind?!
Gaby: Was this freedom worth the life of my-...
Jill: SHUT UP!
Gaby: ...
Jill: I didn't kill your sister, for fuck's sake! It's not like I infected her with that Nanomachine Rejection!
Jill: Hell, this is the first time I've even heard she was sick!
Gaby: ...
Jill: And do you really know what kind of fear drove me to have that argument with your sister?!
Jill: Do you even understand the fear of feeling your youth slip through your fingers?!
Jill: Do you think it was all easy for me?! I was scared! I'm still scared! But I needed to grab a hold of my life!
Jill: But it has nothing to do with your sister!
Jill: I-I loved her... Do you think that fight didn't hurt me too?
Jill: I...
Gaby: ...
Gaby: ...idiot.----------
Jill: sniff I-It's just... I feel like part of me is crumbling right now.
Jill: M-My old girlfriend was sick and I didn't know anything about it!
Jill: Her sister came to deliver the news, and she held nothing but animosity for me...
Jill: And not only that, but I lashed out at her too! History fucking repeats itself.
Jill: Maybe if I hadn't cowered back then and apologized...
Jill: Maybe if I wasn't such a selfish little shit...
Jill: Maybe...
Jill: ...m-maybe... 
Jill: sniff
Dana: ... 
Jill: Thanks, Boss. I really needed this.
Dana: Do you want me to stay with you today?
Jill: Thanks, but I actually need some time for myself.
Jill: Some me time to put my thoughts in order.
Dana: Yeah, I understand.
Dana: But don't do anything funny, you hear me?
Dana: If any weird thoughts come to you, or if you feel too anxious, call me.
Jill: Yeah.
Dana: ...
Dana: Hey Fore! She's in your care, you hear?
Fore: Meow.
Dana: Remember to call me. I'll call you later to check on you nonetheless.electronic ex girlfriend
-----Day 14--------
Jill: (So they really can't see you. I mean, you're right in front of them.)
Jill: (And you're wearing... jeans under a... skirt.)
Jill: ...
Jill: (Why? Just... why?)
Anna: To annoy people, of course!
Anna: "Is that a new trend?" "What does she think she's doing?"
Anna: Everyone feels like it's not quite right. Everyone thinks they should call you out.
Anna: But they can't bring themselves to do it, because it's not THAT wrong.
Anna: There are things like spats after all.
Anna: It's uncannily right, not all that wrong, and they can't stop staring.
Jill: (...not like anyone other than me could see it though.)
Anna: They could see it if they wanted to.
